fix(account): wording update (#1870)
scaleway/docs-content: console/my-project/concepts.mdx

## Default Project

> Each [Organization](#organization) has at least one associated [Project](#project). At the time of account creation, this Project is called **default**. The default Project takes on the Organization ID. Therefore, the default status cannot be transferred to other Projects, nor can the default Project's name be altered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each [Organization](#organization) has at least one associated [Project](#project). Upon account creation, this Project is called **default**. The default Project takes on the Organization ID. Therefore, the default status cannot be transferred to other Projects, nor can the default Project's name be altered.
```
